very good morning we all meet
here with teddy bear jelly with all of the
brand and snacks good people and deaf not
it has been found now with
us but his votes have also
been taken into account and our gm
mozart has been able to participate good for
do not give them much the sheet we're going to
proceed directly with the prizes the
first prize takes him orb of
dark server congratulations also
the third winner
the dark server good friend alberto
prize is for the pse bucks of
servers and shits and the last prize
It's for me, and also of
shadows congratulations but here it does not finish
the thing happen to the special awards
or if there is the prize for the vignette more
fun is for Javier pm from the server
tineo takes out the cartoons more
originals for pierre team black
server peppers too
the award for the most elaborate cartoon is
to ally and guide of darkness
and that are similar
let's make the birds right
but I had a lot of imagination to me has
delighted that I was doing things
I loved that teddy bear here
miami
here no no no no I did not love the
most the truth is that
it was a very very very good contest
great ones writing
I advise you since you introduce yourself
a contest and there 's still a hug
and 3000 katy that you have found the
bullets in general
and well, this has been all thanks
for his participation and has surprised
good in case you can give a display
carl video if you liked the dislike
smell
and if you like
I could not finish this video without leaving
here a few takes paisas the
second prize was going
for the third sin
and now congratulations to the winners
thank you and goodbye
ah